Category,Risk,Description,Impact,Likelihood,Mitigation Strategy
Technical Risks,"Hardware Integration Failure","Difficulty in integrating the RC vehicle with the line-marking machine",High,Medium,"Conduct thorough testing, ensure compatibility, and collaborate with component suppliers."
Technical Risks,"Software Malfunction","Bugs or errors in the open-source software used for control",High,Medium,"Implement rigorous code reviews, regular testing, and maintain clear documentation."
Technical Risks,"GPS Accuracy Issues","Inaccurate GPS readings leading to misalignment",High,Medium,"Use high-precision GPS modules, incorporate error correction algorithms, and test in various environments."
Technical Risks,"Power Supply Failure","Power interruptions or insufficient battery life",Medium,Medium,"Ensure adequate power supply, have backup sources, and monitor power consumption."
Project Management Risks,"Timeline Delays","Delays due to unforeseen challenges",High,Medium,"Develop a realistic timeline with buffers, regularly review progress, and communicate openly with stakeholders."
Project Management Risks,"Resource Availability","Unavailability of key resources",Medium,Medium,"Identify and secure critical resources early, and build relationships with multiple suppliers."
Project Management Risks,"Team Coordination Issues","Miscommunication or lack of coordination",Medium,Medium,"Implement regular meetings, clear task assignments, and robust communication tools."
Stakeholder Risks,"Stakeholder Misalignment","Differing expectations or priorities among stakeholders",High,Medium,"Conduct regular meetings, document agreements, and involve stakeholders in decisions."
Stakeholder Risks,"Client Satisfaction","The Project Host may not be fully satisfied",High,Medium,"Maintain frequent communication, validate requirements, and obtain continuous feedback."
Environmental and Operational Risks,"Outdoor Environment Challenges","Unexpected challenges in outdoor environments",High,Medium,"Conduct extensive testing, equip with sensors, and design to adapt to environmental factors."
Environmental and Operational Risks,"Regulatory Compliance Issues","Failure to comply with local regulations",Medium,Low,"Engage with regulatory bodies, ensure equipment meets standards, and obtain necessary permits."
Financial Risks,"Budget Overruns","Exceeding the budget due to unexpected costs",Medium,Medium,"Maintain a detailed budget with contingency funds, regularly review expenditures, and seek cost-saving opportunities."
